README.md, before:

BFI - A Simple Brainfuck Interpreter
====================================

## Usage
```sh
$ ./bfi examples/hello.b
Hello World!
```

```sh
$ time ./bfi mandelbrot.b  # Erik Bosman's mandelbrot viewer
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBBBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDEGFFEEEEDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDEEEFGIIGFFEEEDDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEFFFI KHGGGHGEDDDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEFFGHIMTKLZOGFEEDDDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEFGGHHIKPPKIHGFFEEEDDDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEFFGHIJKS  X KHHGFEEEEEDDDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAAABBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEFFGQPUVOTY   ZQL[MHFEEEEEEEDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAABBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEFFFFFGGHJLZ         UKHGFFEEEEEEEEDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAABBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEFFFFFFGGGGHIKP           KHHGGFFFFEEEEEEDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAABBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEFGGHIIHHHHHIIIJKMR        VMKJIHHHGFFFFFFGSGEDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAABBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEFFGHK   MKJIJO  N R  X      YUSR PLV LHHHGGHIOJGFEDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBB
AAAAABBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDEEEEEEEEEFFFFGH O    TN S                       NKJKR LLQMNHEEDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBB
AAAAABBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDEEEEEEEEEEEEFFFFFGHHIN                                 Q     UMWGEEEDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBB
AAAABBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEFFFFFFGHIJKLOT                                     [JGFFEEEDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBB
AAAABCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEFFFFFFGGHYV RQU                                     QMJHGGFEEEDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBB
AAABCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDEEFJIHFFFFFFFFFFFFFFGGGGGGHIJN                                            JHHGFEEDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCBBB
AAABCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDEEEEFFHLKHHGGGGHHMJHGGGGGGHHHIKRR                                           UQ L HFEDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCCBB
AABCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEFFFHKQMRKNJIJLVS JJKIIIIIIJLR                                               YNHFEDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCBB
AABCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEEFFGGHIJKOU  O O   PR LLJJJKL                                                OIHFFEDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCCB
AACCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEEEEFGGGHIJMR              RMLMN                                                 NTFEEDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCB
AACCDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEEEEFGGGHHKONSZ                QPR                                                NJGFEEDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCC
ABCDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEFFFFFGIPJIIJKMQ                   VX                                                 HFFEEDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCC
ACDDDDDDDDDDEFFFFFFFGGGGHIKZOOPPS                                                                      HGFEEEDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCC
ADEEEEFFFGHIGGGGGGHHHHIJJLNY                                                                        TJHGFFEEEDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCC
A                                                                                                 PLJHGGFFEEEDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCC
ADEEEEFFFGHIGGGGGGHHHHIJJLNY                                                                        TJHGFFEEEDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCC
ACDDDDDDDDDDEFFFFFFFGGGGHIKZOOPPS                                                                      HGFEEEDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCC
ABCDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEFFFFFGIPJIIJKMQ                   VX                                                 HFFEEDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCC
AACCDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEEEEFGGGHHKONSZ                QPR                                                NJGFEEDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCC
AACCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEEEEFGGGHIJMR              RMLMN                                                 NTFEEDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCB
AABCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEEFFGGHIJKOU  O O   PR LLJJJKL                                                OIHFFEDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCCB
AABCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEFFFHKQMRKNJIJLVS JJKIIIIIIJLR                                               YNHFEDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCBB
AAABCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDEEEEFFHLKHHGGGGHHMJHGGGGGGHHHIKRR                                           UQ L HFEDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCCBB
AAABCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDEEFJIHFFFFFFFFFFFFFFGGGGGGHIJN                                            JHHGFEEDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCBBB
AAAABCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEFFFFFFGGHYV RQU                                     QMJHGGFEEEDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBB
AAAABBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEFFFFFFGHIJKLOT                                     [JGFFEEEDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBB
AAAAABBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDEEEEEEEEEEEEFFFFFGHHIN                                 Q     UMWGEEEDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBB
AAAAABBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDEEEEEEEEEFFFFGH O    TN S                       NKJKR LLQMNHEEDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBB
AAAAAABBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEFFGHK   MKJIJO  N R  X      YUSR PLV LHHHGGHIOJGFEDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAABBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEFGGHIIHHHHHIIIJKMR        VMKJIHHHGFFFFFFGSGEDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAABBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEFFFFFFGGGGHIKP           KHHGGFFFFEEEEEEDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAABBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEFFFFFGGHJLZ         UKHGFFEEEEEEEEDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAAABBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEFFGQPUVOTY   ZQL[MHFEEEEEEEDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEFFGHIJKS  X KHHGFEEEEEDDDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEFGGHHIKPPKIHGFFEEEDDDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEFFGHIMTKLZOGFEEDDDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEFFFI KHGGGHGEDDDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDEEEFGIIGFFEEEDDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB

real    0m22.627s
user    0m22.614s
sys     0m0.013s
```
## Implementation Details
+ 30,000 cell tape
+ 8-bit wrapping cells
+ No cell update upon reading `EOF` with `,`

## Building
### POSIX c99
```sh
$ make clean bfi
```

### GCC or Clang
```sh
$ make clean bfi CC=gcc CFLAGS='-std=c99 -pedantic-errors -O2 -DNDEBUG -Wall -Wextra'
$ make clean bfi CC=clang CFLAGS='-std=c99 -pedantic-errors -O2 -DNDEBUG -Wall -Wextra'
```

### GCC (static binary with musl libc)
```sh
$ make clean bfi CC=musl-gcc CFLAGS='-std=c99 -pedantic-errors -static -O2 -DNDEBUG -Wall -Wextra'
```

Commit message:

Add additional examples and an invalid test

README.md, after:

BFI - A Simple Brainfuck Interpreter
====================================

## Usage
```sh
$ ./bfi examples/hello.b
Hello World!
```

```sh
$ time ./bfi examples/mandelbrot.b
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBBBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDEGFFEEEEDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDEEEFGIIGFFEEEDDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEFFFI KHGGGHGEDDDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEFFGHIMTKLZOGFEEDDDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEFGGHHIKPPKIHGFFEEEDDDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEFFGHIJKS  X KHHGFEEEEEDDDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAAABBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEFFGQPUVOTY   ZQL[MHFEEEEEEEDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAABBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEFFFFFGGHJLZ         UKHGFFEEEEEEEEDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAABBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEFFFFFFGGGGHIKP           KHHGGFFFFEEEEEEDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAABBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEFGGHIIHHHHHIIIJKMR        VMKJIHHHGFFFFFFGSGEDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAABBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEFFGHK   MKJIJO  N R  X      YUSR PLV LHHHGGHIOJGFEDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBB
AAAAABBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDEEEEEEEEEFFFFGH O    TN S                       NKJKR LLQMNHEEDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBB
AAAAABBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDEEEEEEEEEEEEFFFFFGHHIN                                 Q     UMWGEEEDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBB
AAAABBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEFFFFFFGHIJKLOT                                     [JGFFEEEDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBB
AAAABCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEFFFFFFGGHYV RQU                                     QMJHGGFEEEDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBB
AAABCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDEEFJIHFFFFFFFFFFFFFFGGGGGGHIJN                                            JHHGFEEDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCBBB
AAABCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDEEEEFFHLKHHGGGGHHMJHGGGGGGHHHIKRR                                           UQ L HFEDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCCBB
AABCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEFFFHKQMRKNJIJLVS JJKIIIIIIJLR                                               YNHFEDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCBB
AABCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEEFFGGHIJKOU  O O   PR LLJJJKL                                                OIHFFEDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCCB
AACCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEEEEFGGGHIJMR              RMLMN                                                 NTFEEDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCB
AACCDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEEEEFGGGHHKONSZ                QPR                                                NJGFEEDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCC
ABCDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEFFFFFGIPJIIJKMQ                   VX                                                 HFFEEDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCC
ACDDDDDDDDDDEFFFFFFFGGGGHIKZOOPPS                                                                      HGFEEEDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCC
ADEEEEFFFGHIGGGGGGHHHHIJJLNY                                                                        TJHGFFEEEDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCC
A                                                                                                 PLJHGGFFEEEDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCC
ADEEEEFFFGHIGGGGGGHHHHIJJLNY                                                                        TJHGFFEEEDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCC
ACDDDDDDDDDDEFFFFFFFGGGGHIKZOOPPS                                                                      HGFEEEDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCC
ABCDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEFFFFFGIPJIIJKMQ                   VX                                                 HFFEEDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCC
AACCDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEEEEFGGGHHKONSZ                QPR                                                NJGFEEDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCC
AACCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEEEEFGGGHIJMR              RMLMN                                                 NTFEEDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCB
AABCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEEFFGGHIJKOU  O O   PR LLJJJKL                                                OIHFFEDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCCB
AABCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEFFFHKQMRKNJIJLVS JJKIIIIIIJLR                                               YNHFEDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCBB
AAABCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDEEEEFFHLKHHGGGGHHMJHGGGGGGHHHIKRR                                           UQ L HFEDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCCBB
AAABCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDEEFJIHFFFFFFFFFFFFFFGGGGGGHIJN                                            JHHGFEEDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCBBB
AAAABCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEFFFFFFGGHYV RQU                                     QMJHGGFEEEDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBB
AAAABBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEFFFFFFGHIJKLOT                                     [JGFFEEEDDCCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBB
AAAAABBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDEEEEEEEEEEEEFFFFFGHHIN                                 Q     UMWGEEEDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBB
AAAAABBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDEEEEEEEEEFFFFGH O    TN S                       NKJKR LLQMNHEEDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBB
AAAAAABBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEFFGHK   MKJIJO  N R  X      YUSR PLV LHHHGGHIOJGFEDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAABBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEFGGHIIHHHHHIIIJKMR        VMKJIHHHGFFFFFFGSGEDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAABBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEFFFFFFGGGGHIKP           KHHGGFFFFEEEEEEDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAABBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEFFFFFGGHJLZ         UKHGFFEEEEEEEEDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAAABBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEFFGQPUVOTY   ZQL[MHFEEEEEEEDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEFFGHIJKS  X KHHGFEEEEEDDDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEFGGHHIKPPKIHGFFEEEDDDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEFFGHIMTKLZOGFEEDDDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEFFFI KHGGGHGEDDDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDDDDDDEEEFGIIGFFEEEDDDDDDDDCCCCCCCCCBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB

real    0m21.944s
user    0m21.943s
sys     0m0.000s
```
## Implementation Details
+ 30,000 cell tape
+ 8-bit wrapping cells
+ No cell update upon reading `EOF` with `,`

## Building
### POSIX c99
```sh
$ make clean bfi
```

### GCC or Clang
```sh
$ make clean bfi CC=gcc CFLAGS='-std=c99 -pedantic-errors -O2 -DNDEBUG -Wall -Wextra'
$ make clean bfi CC=clang CFLAGS='-std=c99 -pedantic-errors -O2 -DNDEBUG -Wall -Wextra'
```

### GCC (static binary with musl libc)
```sh
$ make clean bfi CC=musl-gcc CFLAGS='-std=c99 -pedantic-errors -static -O2 -DNDEBUG -Wall -Wextra'
```

## License
Brainfuck source files in the top level of the `examples` directory have been
assembled from well known Brainfuck resources across the web and are copyright
their original authors unless otherwise noted.

All other content in this repository is released into the public domain under
the terms of BSD Zero Clause License (see COPYING).
